feat: add prebuild timing metrics to Prometheus (#19503)
coder/coder: docs/admin/templates/extending-templates/prebuilt-workspaces.md

- `coderd_prebuilt_workspaces_desired` (gauge): Target number of prebuilt workspaces that should be available.
- `coderd_prebuilt_workspaces_running` (gauge): Current number of prebuilt workspaces in a `running` state.
- `coderd_prebuilt_workspaces_eligible` (gauge): Current number of prebuilt workspaces eligible to be claimed.

> - `coderd_prebuilt_workspace_claim_duration_seconds` (histogram _native support_): Time to claim a prebuilt workspace from the prebuild pool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `coderd_prebuilt_workspace_claim_duration_seconds` ([_native_](https://prometheus.io/docs/specs/native_histograms) histogram): Time to claim a prebuilt workspace from the prebuild pool.
```
